# CITS3200 Team 14 meeting W7 - client

Time and location: Monday 9 Sep 2024 1pm, EZONE 202B + Teams
Present: Heidi, Vinita, Paul, Shuai, Ryan, Cameron, client (Melinda)
Apologies: -
Absent: -

**Meeting opened 1:00pm**

## From team meeting

- Progress Update

### Questions

- Animation on graph collapsibility? (Will hinder performance)
- Arrows towards parent still good with the Bezier curves? (we have in opposite direction for now just testing)
- click for node info and collapsibility (right click / left click? click node / click label?)
- What is the root node, as 'Thing' is in a different graph `/dm` instead of `/rdl` -> are we only querying the RDL, or do we include more graphs?
        - Note that she did say that just to do RDL. Just say that this could mean multiple roots and also no "Thing"
- Does Melinda want any docs?

### Answers and Comments

- 'Thing' and 'Possible Individual' need to be in graph.
  - Check if 'Thing' is only root in Onno's site.
- Arrows can be pointing to children.
- Colours for nodes when expanded/collapsed.
- Clicking on the label for node info - labels can be toggled on.
- Use mainstream packages/libraries.
- [Living lab](https://livinglabproject.com/) - colour scheme/design.
- [IndEEA](https://indeaa-docs.systemhealthlab.com/developer/) documentation styling.
- User stories doc for sprint 3 - can incorporate into flyer.

## Next meeting

- Monday next week meeting retrospective on sprint 2.
  
### Time and location

TBD

### Action items

- Get some rdf data on website for sending screenshots/flyer to Onno by mid week.
  - Flyer with screenshots? Static webpage - coming soon? So Melinda can circulate.
  - Add user stories from sprint 2 doc to flyer.
- Create a list of all dependencies of project in the maintenance docs - will move to sprint 3 when we do the documentation.

**Meeting closed 1:20pm**